In this course we obviously covered a lot of the important things you need for building native apps
with React Native navigation state management how React Native works in general how to work with components
and so on.
Now one thing we haven't used that much though and that's tapping into native device features obviously
for many apps you're about to build.
You want to use features like the device camera or at Google Maps or get the user location or maybe
store some data some more complex data on the device and therefore you need to on device database like
sequel Lite.
So these are things which we haven't really had a look at in this course yet.
And we'll have a look in this module therefore in this module in detail we'll dive into how you can
easily enables such native functionalities in your react native app built with Expo.
And by the way just in case you are working in a separate module later I will always show how that would
work in non Expo apps.
So the jury know how to build any app with any toolset that you want.
So with that let's see what we're about to build in this module before we then dive right in.